<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Meeting Minutes | Jackson Democrats</title>
    <link
      href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto:wght@400;700&display=swap"
      rel="stylesheet"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="/style.css" />
    <link
      rel="apple-touch-icon"
      sizes="180x180"
      href="/public/apple-touch-icon.png"
    />
    <link
      rel="icon"
      type="image/png"
      sizes="32x32"
      href="/public/favicon-32x32.png"
    />
    <link
      rel="icon"
      type="image/png"
      sizes="16x16"
      href="/public/favicon-16x16.png"
    />
    <link rel="manifest" href="/public/site.webmanifest" />
  </head>
  <body class="minutes">
    <nav>
      <a href="/" class="nav-link" nav-link>Home</a>
    </nav>
    <h1>Jackson Democrats Meeting Minutes</h1>
    <hr />
    <h3>Monday August 11th</h3>
    <h3>1. Welcome &amp; Opening Remarks</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>Ashley shared a positive update as part of opening the meeting.</li>
      <li>Acknowledgement that a late meeting reminder impacted attendance.</li>
    </ul>
    <h3>2. Review of Ongoing Action Items</h3>

    <b>a. Meredith’s Actions on Voting Rights</b>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussion noted uncertainty regarding Meredith’s follow-up.</li>
      <li>Meredith has contacted Karen about new voter laws.</li>
      <li>
        Meredith and Ashley will attend a meeting of the Supervisors of the
        Checklist to gather more information. Seeking to understand the new laws
        regarding proof of citizenship now being required in addition to
        residency.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <b>b. Email List Updates</b>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Jake was previously asked to add representatives to the committee email
        list. This has not yet been done but he confirmed he is able to complete
        it.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <b>c. Candidate Recruitment</b>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Group discussed identifying and encouraging potential candidates for
        office:
        <ul>
          <li>Adam Heard, current Town Selectman, is a potential candidate.</li>
          <li>Nancy suggested speaking to Anita about recruitment.</li>
          <li>
            Lauren, Chair of the Chatham Democrats, may be interested in
            running.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>

    <b>d. Treasurer Role</b>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Barbara, the treasurer, is willing to serve again in the role but does
        not want to be otherwise involved.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>3. Discussion Topics</h3>

    <b>a. Primary Focus on Voting and Elections</b>
    <ul>
      <li>
        General agreement that focusing on voting and elections should remain
        the primary goal.
      </li>
      <li>
        Concern expressed that too many tasks can dilute the group’s focus and
        energy.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <b>b. Candidate Outreach and Recruitment</b>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Adam Heard is a current Selectman; potential opportunity for
        higher-level candidacy.
      </li>
      <li>
        Jackson’s small size makes it difficult to draw attention from broader
        event organizers.
      </li>
      <li>
        Recent prominent fundraising opportunities were mentioned:
        <ul>
          <li>AMC (Appalachian Mountain Club)</li>
          <li>Way Stations</li>
          <li>NHPR</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>
        District #1 Candidacy: Ashley reported there are currently four
        individuals running.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <b>c. Website Update</b>
    <ul>
      <li>Ashley has redesigned the Carroll County Democrats homepage.</li>
      <li>The new homepage is live and includes a calendar feature.</li>
    </ul>

    <b>d. Meeting Scheduling</b>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Group agreed that meeting on the second Monday of each month will work
        moving forward.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>4. Action Items</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <strong>Jake:</strong> Add representatives to the committee email list
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Ashley and Meredith:</strong> Attend meeting of the Supervisors
        of the Checklist
      </li>
      <li><strong>Meredith:</strong> Contact Karen about new voter laws</li>
      <li><strong>TBD:</strong> Invite Anita to next meeting</li>
      <li>
        <strong>All:</strong> Continue calling representatives and sending
        thank-you notes
      </li>
    </ul>

    <hr />
    <h3>Monday July 14th</h3>

    <h3>1. Opening Discussion</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        The group discussed submitting items to ENews, which has a strict
        no-politics policy.
      </li>
      <li>
        Dave asked, “What are we doing here?”, prompting discussion about a
        mission statement.
      </li>
      <li>
        Bobbi referenced a political funding group; Nancy noted our group hasn’t
        needed funding, citing “Carroll County Fund the Fight.”
      </li>
      <li>
        Dave shared that Cinde Warmington is raising $250,000 independently for
        grassroots efforts, despite DCCC not currently messaging around Ayotte.
      </li>
      <li>Nancy emphasized five important 5calls .</li>
      <li>
        Meredith noted Anita Burroughs is open to constituent input through
        summer.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>2. Voter Education Materials</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Group reviewed the
        <a
          href="https://www.congress.gov/bill/119th-congress/house-bill/22/text"
          >SAVE Act (H.R.22)</a
        >. Meredith confirmed it's pending Senate approval.
      </li>
      <li>
        Reviewed apolitical voter law materials. Nancy requested more
        specificity to ensure clarity.
      </li>
      <li>ICE-related informational cards were distributed.</li>
      <li>
        Consensus that voter education is currently the group’s most critical
        function.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>3. School Board Research</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Melinda reported on school board responsibilities and meeting schedules.
      </li>
      <li>
        Meredith inquired about upcoming seat openings; no info yet available.
      </li>
      <li>Jake suggested downstream efforts to encourage candidates.</li>
      <li>
        Dave proposed County Commissioner as a focus, despite political
        challenges.
      </li>
      <li>Bobbi raised school vouchers as a topic to monitor.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>4. Re-Election Research</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>Chris McAleer is discouraged and experiencing health issues.</li>
      <li>Melinda suggested adding him to email list.</li>
      <li>Adam Heard from Sandwich may run in his place.</li>
      <li>
        Nancy suggested a local political event; Melinda said Carroll County
        Dems will likely host.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>5. Public Lands Research</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Ashley reported that, to her knowledge, there is no current threat of
        public land sales.
      </li>
      <li>Group agreed to continue monitoring this topic.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>6. J1 Recruiter Connection</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Melinda met with a local DQ owner about Unity Works’ support for J1 visa
        holders.
      </li>
      <li>
        Proposals include grocery runs, socials, and an end-of-season cookout.
      </li>
      <li>
        Nancy emphasized hospitality and asking J1s directly what they need.
      </li>
      <li>Dave and Nancy recalled past community support efforts.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>7. Dirt Road Revival</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        No assignments made. Greg volunteered to follow up and shared that he
        enjoyed the book.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>8. Email List Contacts</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Jake reported 10 new members added to the email list; now 62 active
        subscribers.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>9. Letters to the Editor</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>Brief discussion held; no decisions or content recorded.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>10. Discussion of Events</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <strong>Good Trouble:</strong> Thursday July 17th @ Schouler Park, 4–6pm
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>September Social:</strong> Organized by Ellin Leonard and
        Carroll County Dems. Scheduled for September 13th with a rain date of
        the 14th. Potential guests include Steve Marchand and democratic
        candidates.
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Housing Event (August):</strong> Megan (Albany Chair) mentioned
        a housing-focused event. Ashley to follow up if interested.
      </li>
      <li>Kim is forming a candidate recruitment group.</li>
    </ul>

    <h3>11. Youth Involvement</h3>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <strong>68 Hours of Hunger:</strong> Fundraising at the Covered Bridge.
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Raiders and Eagles Support:</strong> Community yard sale on
        <strong>August 23</strong>. Funds go to food and gas cards for students
        in need.
      </li>
      <li>
        Emphasis on keeping kids in school. Donations encouraged via Unity
        Works.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>12. Action Items</h3>
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Jake:</strong> Add representatives to the email list.</li>
      <li><strong>Meredith:</strong> Email Karen about new voter laws.</li>
      <li>
        <strong>All:</strong>
        <ul>
          <li>Brainstorm outreach strategies for voter registration.</li>
          <li>Identify and encourage potential candidates for office.</li>
          <li>Continue sending updates and ideas to Ashley and Jake.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h3>Next Meeting</h3>
    <p><strong>Date & Time:</strong> Monday August 11th at 7:00pm</p>
    <p><strong>Location:</strong> Whitney Community Center</p>
    <hr />
    <h3>June 23, 2025</h3>

    <h5>1. Voter Registration & New NH Voting Laws</h5>
    <ul>
      <li>Discussed legislation requiring proof of citizenship to vote.</li>
      <li>
        Explored outreach strategies: education for new residents, engagement
        with high schoolers, town meeting info, and op-eds.
      </li>
      <li>
        Interest in organizing a public event and distributing clear printed
        materials.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h5>2. Housing Commission Collaboration</h5>
    <ul>
      <li>Considered joint efforts with Housing Commission:</li>
      <ul>
        <li>Jackson Dems on legislative issues</li>
        <li>Housing Commission on development initiatives</li>
        <li>Advertising housing related events</li>
      </ul>
      <li>Mixed views on how visible/political the partnership should be.</li>
      <li>Proposed joint branding ideas like “Dems Like Housing.”</li>
    </ul>

    <h5>3. Candidate Recruitment & Vacant Seats</h5>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Noted Chris McAleer will not run again and the group discussed
        succession ideas.
      </li>
      <li>
        Highlighted lack of clarity around rep responsibilities; considered
        creating a guide.
      </li>
      <li>
        Raised questions around low pay and whether support (e.g., mileage) is
        legal.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h5>4. Local Boards & Civic Involvement</h5>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Ashley brought up discussion about filling local elected and appointed
        town roles
      </li>
      <li>
        Meredith shared that many elected roles are under-filled and lightly
        compensated.
      </li>
      <li>Group discussed local organizing potential.</li>
      <li>
        Brief discussion on education-related legislation (book banning, school
        funding, etc.).
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h5>5. Engagement with Carroll County Dems & Unity Works</h5>
    <ul>
      <li>Potential collaborations:</li>
      <ul>
        <li><em>Dirt Road Revival</em> book club and potential speaker</li>
        <li>Letter-writing group with Unity Works</li>
        <li>Voter outreach to young people and colleges</li>
      </ul>
      <li>
        Discussion around print materials and public presentations to combat
        misinformation and reach beyond digital circles.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h5>6. Public Comment & Newsletter Feedback</h5>
    <ul>
      <li>
        Emily expressed information overload and wants to streamline where she
        gets updates.
      </li>
      <li>
        Suggestions to keep dems newsletter focused on just three key items.
      </li>
      <li>Strong group support for Ashley’s communication work.</li>
    </ul>

    <h4>Next Meeting</h4>
    <ul>
      <li><strong>Date:</strong> Second Monday of the month</li>
      <li><strong>Time:</strong> 7:00 PM</li>
      <li><strong>Location:</strong> Whitney Community Center</li>
    </ul>

    <h4>Action Items</h4>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <strong>Meredith</strong> – Design and print voter education materials.
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Joyce</strong> – Contact Chris McAleer to discuss why he’s not
        seeking re-election.
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Meredith</strong> – Share “What to Do If ICE Comes to Your Door”
        materials with the group.
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Emily & Michelle</strong> – Coordinate efforts around public
        lands advocacy and outreach.
      </li>
      <li><strong>Jake</strong> – Connect Greg with a local J1 recruiter.</li>
      <li>
        <strong>Jake</strong> – Share and circulate
        <em>Dirt Road Revival</em> materials for group engagement.
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>All</strong> – Send five new contacts to Ashley for
        newsletter/email list outreach.
      </li>
      <li><strong>Proposed but not assigned</strong></li>
      <ul>
        <li>
          Contact Karen and Gloria about the local impact of the voting
          registration law.
        </li>
        <li>
          Draft and submit letters to the editor regarding proposed voting
          legislation.
        </li>
        <li>
          Plan a public event or listening session focused on the voter
          registration legislation or voter access.
        </li>
        <li>
          Research and clarify job descriptions for state representative roles.
        </li>
        <li>
          Investigate legal and ethical options to support local reps (e.g.,
          reimbursing travel costs).
        </li>
      </ul>
    </ul>

    <hr />
    <h3>Thursday, May 15th, 2025</h3>

    <h4>Topics Discussed</h4>
    <ul>
      <li>Introductions and member backgrounds</li>
      <li>Purpose and goals of Jackson Democrats</li>
      <li>Building an effective mailing list</li>
      <li>Candidate outreach and recruitment</li>
      <li>Role of Unity Works group</li>
      <li>Voter engagement strategies</li>
      <li>Importance of visibility and local issues</li>
      <li>Use of platforms (Mailchimp, website) for communication</li>
      <li>Community involvement (food banks, housing, J1 outreach)</li>
      <li>Misinformation and communication with disenchanted voters</li>
      <li>Coordination with Carroll County Democrats</li>
      <li>Event planning and meeting cadence</li>
    </ul>

    <h4>Action Items</h4>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <strong>Mailing List Setup:</strong> Jake to initiate creation of a
        mailing list via Mailchimp under the Jackson Dems name.
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Unity Works Participation:</strong> All encouraged to attend
        Unity Works meetings (Sundays @ 4:00pm).
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>VoteBuilder Exploration:</strong> Ashley to lead next steps on
        using VoteBuilder for outreach efforts.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <h4>Upcoming Events</h4>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <strong>Walkout Wednesdays:</strong> Weekly, 4:30 PM – 6:00 PM @ The
        Covered Bridge
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Unity Works Meetings:</strong> Wednesdays, 4:00 PM – 6:00 PM @
        The Jackson Community Church
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Sign Making for June 14 Event:</strong> Date TBD (prior to June
        14)
      </li>
      <li>
        <strong>Housing Commission Event:</strong> June 13th, 4:30pm @ Whitney
        Community Center
      </li>
    </ul>

    <hr />

    <h3>March 26th, 2025</h3>

    <h4>The following members were appointed to their respective positions</h4>
    <ul>
      <li>Chair: Ashley Fife</li>
      <ul>
        <li>Nominated by: Christine Thompson</li>
        <li>Seconded by: Dexter Rust</li>
      </ul>
      <li>Vice-Chair: Nancy Nygreen</li>
      <ul>
        <li>Nominated by: Jake McCambley</li>
        <li>Seconded by: Dexter Rust</li>
      </ul>
      <li>Secretary: Jake McCambley</li>
      <ul>
        <li>Nominated by: Nancy Nygreen</li>
        <li>Seconded by: Ashley Fife</li>
      </ul>
      <li>Treasurer: Barbara Duquet</li>
      <ul>
        <li>Nominated by: Michelle Clifford</li>
        <li>Seconded by: Christine Thompson</li>
      </ul>
      <li>At-Large Delegate: Michelle Clifford</li>
      <ul>
        <li>Nominated by: Beth Funicella</li>
        <li>Seconded by: Jake McCambley</li>
      </ul>
      <li>Note: All votes for nominations were unanimous</li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</html>
